so what do i do wait two days before
superb news from the phone I'll make him
wanna for his full penalty would he not
ironic me boat ginger wanna see my room
attendant go Jeremy Hewitt was the most
gifted facebook user in the world he's
amazing but there was one thing he
didn't see coming it's what's going on
you haven't heard Zuckerberg deleted
facebook
and then he kills himself for ever hey
guys i'm throwing a private event at my
beach house next week in it you're all
invited i really don't see what the big
deal is decline baby I guess you're
right
find that Facebook red so I know you we
had seventh grade math together I like
request that you be my friend we thought
we had control over the social network
you're acting crazy comet don't how did
you get in my home you haven't updated
your privacy settings we were wrong
without his news feed to look at
ex-boyfriend it's literally stalking me
it's complicated between Jayde Michael
in there in the spider everybody with my
cute little dog isn't she adorable funny
because we're not I can't remember
anybody's birthday nice piece
Productions presents reinstated a
mandatory curfew starting at 10pm yeah I
mean cake all by myself just look at
just look at my cake girlfriend looks at
my wall just message me about the snacks
all name brand hey what wait
like
just what my sure this profile
your hips another summer album
we can't live like this
we're taking back Facebook the social
network too I'm recreating the entire
scene of hook with the lost boys in my
van no coming soon I'll still be here
that's a good piece nice please